good job done alex max malo
it's gone so clip presentation quickly
done so here I handed the bubble
actually sport for you can
see so
here are the tifs not in black super nice
very pretty
at the added passage of students of course
the little gray we will not necessarily well
I think we see them we do not see them
very well finally
but now they have the merit
to be there then actually we can
to see blue but it's just an effect
when when the vehicle is condition since
in fact it is a beautiful light
white that appears but flashing
down to listen live to the missing
missing
it's nice to say anyway
going here that's me excuse me scouting
and it's pretty dirty but hey it's
that we worked here so his special for
for bruno so you saw in black actually
very nice here and then ben fires
back they got right too
so actually it's very, very
black very black but so I put two
layers of layers in the back and three
layers on them on the clients to
the front but hey it's an effect
optical also because we see well
see red well do not worry
I was standing up I have a few scouts on
go a little more like that when
I have the brothel is a garage
so there you can see my little
tarpaulins have already been the light in that
is a little red then
actually I did not have the
interior trim in black so
opaque we still see has actually
so that's what's still giving
more blacks finally but that's so
tite and his sounds and lights his name
but yes lights so hop
then contact contact that gives us that
that's when she refuses to come that
so sorry so actually and if I inserted
my email help
we open we do not even see who have
hidden it's done right after that it's very
nice here and the watchmen kiss
clear a maximum what is mind-blowing
and in the back we always see
that's me always that's it
there is no problem good lighting
it's their problem
a little warning to you
to show the warning is the same
always works very well we have not
worry about it
so here's back for the front
it's the same too, we see very well
so our problems our problems I
gives him a little kick start alas
the white mega light what he illuminates
thoroughly the crate the fairy very light
very very very white
here
in fact I'm happy with myself
you see very well so it's great
good bah more appointments on x max
extreme because me my opinion there
aesthetically speaking I may have
stop there there is a lot of changes
anyway but by cons I do not speak
rest
this is one last have actually
honvault I flatly advance them there
down we're sorry one is not the life of
others or a no
I am not an amateur videographer video 1
I'm waiting I'm an amateur videographer
early so that's what happens when
it 's not nice enough
here is video made snatch because
that I have just finished
I call all reassembled the Pyrenees
warning and there we go better
the led is beautiful magnificent
it is necessarily further
the gaps well done but it's
night light is here you go
now down you can go there I
been the forerunner
I invite you to do it because if
those who have blacks
oh well it will be even more kidding your
black black is black what then see the
lights we can see them on there is no
worry I put two layers
here and if I stop all that here I am
resume photos in broad daylight
because sorry bah I live north in
lapland and he's already doing it already
black here I am not living in the south
in perpignan so here we have two brothers
opposite twins a completely there
high and one completely below in
so down well to have 1300 band gap
between us hi bruno bigup
go ciao